dexter morgan good suburban husband
happy father of three
living the dream
i want to know his secret
daddy kills people
it's me again this isn't crazy
crazy good
i'm halfway through the ci files you
gave me maybe then i'll finally get some
answers
i brought you a copy of my article my
editor okay to follow up you got
anything for me
i'd love to take you out for a drink my
favorite serial killer hunter are you
here on a case
actually i'm retired now now i have the
time to track down the one twisted son
of a [ __ ] who got away mr morgan the
defendant's name is benito gomez i must
have brought the wrong notes wrong notes
wrong blood type wrong case that's what
you call a momentary mix-up in a murder
trial
i call him the trinity killer kills and
threes
been doing it all over the country for
years
trinity's in miami dexter it's turning a
cycle home an [ __ ] you let walk
benito gomez ah
now you get it right found in the
bathtub 1979 right quinn's leg work may
have shown me where to find our friend
but this benny
my blood work is the stuff that seals
your fate [ __ ] you one
tonight's the night i finally
sleep
do you know where you are you know it's
what happened you were in an accident
what i have with anton it's it's great i
[ __ ] love you
bad news is that you sustained a
concussion i'd like to keep you here for
observation
oh my god oh just a little fender bender
doc says i'm good to go the reason i'm
in miami is because i'm convinced these
bathtub murders are connected to a
series of murders all over the country
you got a minute i'd uh
like to pick your brain lisa bell
the girl in the bathroom string of
robberies turn deadly in what
authorities are now calling the vacation
murder trinity is going to kill again
another woman
older than lisa bell this time but the
person that you should really be talking
to is my sister she's lead on lisa bell
you thought it was a fender bender well
i'm sure they're the bent vendor
somewhere in this mess oh my god
peter what are you doing here you lied
to me dexter
don't sweat it quinn i've got much
bigger things to worry about always the
same three kills with trinity
a young woman in a bathtub
followed by a mother falling to her
death
[Music]
and ending with a man getting bludgeoned
bundy has this theory you don't work for
lundy you're welcome to pursue this but
between the vacation murders and lisa
bell i think you're going to be very
busy if this is the latest victim of
lundy's trinity killer then he's a very
different monster than i am the
sandpiper hotel wants to book my band
for a one-month gig best of all it means
no more time away from you wow that's
great i have to admit i'm glad the
killer chose this city knowing i'd find
you here let them miss intently i need
this as much as you do there's a hunch
that the dead woman is connected to this
big serial killer case lindy always gets
his man
well so do i
i'm not gonna tell you who the date's
not in my business but you should know
there's no such thing as off the record
with reporters so watch the pillow talk
with that woman super pathways you have
not been the most present father and
husband
trinity is likely someone who's gone his
own solitary way through life we're
foregone all but the most rudimentary of
human connections
lone wolf porter after she put lundy's
name in the paper tell me is this
conversation gonna end up in the paper
too cause you have no idea the shitstorm
you've got me into find yourself another
source
what traffic attorney jenny you have to
tease another four
so sorry
i wasn't watching where i was going
white mail
my eyes blue something in them
i get a gig in town to spend more time
with you
you spend all your time with your ex
i think we should inform the brass about
our relationship it's none of their
business don't go disappearing on me
again
not it
deb's alive they're taking it to the
hospital who did this he says it's
smelling like the vacation murders ammo
and that's lundy this department can't
risk a defense attorney turning your
romantic involvement into a courtroom
sideshow every time you work a case
together what are you saying i am saying
i need you to transfer sergeant batista
out of homicide if it was trinity it'd
explain why deb is alive and lundy isn't
i'm gonna follow lundy's theory and
check his hotel room for clues you can't
let these be logged into evidence you
got hung up on the phone your landlord
called
oh
i was just hanging onto the place until
the lease ran out why'd you tell me you
got rid of it
you made me do this
so you didn't have an affair with my
father i don't know who you're looking
for honey but it ain't me okay
what are you doing
i've been going over everything
collected from lundy's hotel
some of it's missing
trinity is a husband
a father
he's
like me
nikki wall didn't kill lundy how do you
know because somebody stole lundy's
trinity research and there's only one
person who'd have a reason to do that
me trinity arthur mitchell kyle butler
four walls one heart we build homes for
the homeless still so much to learn
about handling the kids and the wife
just to decide what's more important my
job to each other it's over
right
sorry if you could just help me
get an interview with deborah morgan you
got to be kidding me it'd be a hero
piece about the shooting no i know
almost everything about you arthur
except where you hide the dates and
locations from lundy's books arthur's
been using four walls builds around the
country as a cover to kill don't [ __ ]
call me dirty last thing i need is a cop
mad at me
he's hiding in plain sight right in the
center of his family
how does he do it judging from the spray
we're looking at somebody tall over six
feet smudge you found at the crime scene
cremated human remains you got the
killer's goddamn dna
you need to kill it
no
here's your weapon
or maybe not
kill him now the killer is related to
the human remains same family the same
dna he keeps his family with him all the
time the reason you're stalling on
killing trinity i still have things to
learn from him
vera mitchell sister of arthur mitchell
found dead in a bathtub
i am no longer seeing lieutenant
we broke up officially if i find out
this is [ __ ] there will be
consequences severe career-ending
consequences wendy came to miami to hunt
this guy i think he got too close and i
think it got him killed and me shot the
killer leaves the ash as his signature
making his vicks point at it either i
get a lead that bleeds or basically
i'm done
how tall was my shooter
my height then it wasn't trinity nope
[ __ ] it
sweeps connected to the shootings of
agent lundy i know it's really tough for
reporters right now so maybe instead of
this one i can give you that interview
you've been wanting from me going out of
town yeah on a four walls build an
out-of-town build is his cycle starting
over again
no you're mine
arthur mitchell you just got a reprieve
i'm married we have this connection i
have dexter
imagine looking into the eyes of the
person you love watching as he takes his
last breath how much did you tell
christine about the lundy shooting i
learned my lesson i never even took the
lundi files out of the station how did
she know that okay don't touch
my sister all started mira saw me i
startled her and she slipped shattered
the shower doors the glass sliced her
leg she was dead by the time the
ambulance came
hi dad
you
i should have [ __ ] killed you when i
had the chance you sure got to the crime
scene fast
there's no traffic at 5am but dispatch
didn't put out the call until 505. you
were the first reporter on scene at 5
20. how's this for outside the box
christine's the same height as the
shooter i protected you
an fbi agent blondie i shot it
no way christina anything to do with
shooting you or like you've been dating
her for what two months she's [ __ ]
related to trinity if i can make the
police think the trinity killer is
someone else arthur's all mine a d coin
i need to make sure the police find
arthur's dna
stan beaudry is now the trinity killer
it's not three victims he leaves behind
it's four
oh my god the boys begin the cycle
[Music]
stay the hell away from my wife
did you and my father have a romantic
relationship i was one of his
girlfriends if that's what you're asking
your brother
who are you kyle
what is it you want
i killed lindy wait no don't don't
hello
dexter morgan
disappear from my life i couldn't care
less about your life
dexter morgan great i'll start booking
flights to the hotel
hey gotta go
christine hill just committed suicide
in front of you
four hours ago
now take a personal date
you're my husband
i have a wife do we
move in together married people do that
the extra killer brian moser laura moser
she had two little boys
down here let's check every trinity city
for missing ten-year-olds we may be
looking at a whole new pattern
brian and
dexter moser
[Music]
[ __ ]
someone stole something from me
and i'm gonna find him
my father c.i
lara moser
was murdered in that shipping container
he grew up to be the ice drug killer
debra morgan
[ __ ] deborah
astor and cody disney world awaits
they'll be safe there a few loose ends
of time at work and i'll see you tonight
can't wait
i found another ci dad was sleeping with
a woman named laura moser does that mean
lara moser is your biological mother
you've been the one constant
the one constantly good thing in my life
[Music]
hello arthur mitchell
you can't control the demon inside of
you any more than i could control my
dope it wasn't such a rush to get
harrison organized i forgot my id for
the plane so i'm zooming home for it
means it'll be
hey
[Music]
but it doesn't matter what i do
what i choose
i'm what's wrong
[Music]
you